This is the launch site
As soon as we inject the serum
As the nuclear bomb exploded
Serum melts into atomic structure and hydroxide
With external exposure
And breathing into the body
As long as mutants inhale the blood in the air
Will regain consciousness
We can save the infected of all mankind
But if we put the nuclear bomb
Detonated at the headquarters of the Sakura Organization
What about the people around?
actually
The Sakura Organization has long regarded it as an experimental area
On the first day of the mutant outbreak
The death rate there is already 100%
They are really crazy
This happened today
Maybe they suffer the consequences
If it weren't for their Yoshiko ambitions
Our world will not become blindly creative
Xiaofan
10% off famous flowers make us lose our loved ones
This time
We must destroy their white dreams
Jiang Fan, quickly inject the serum into the nuclear bomb
Lest he harm more people
Everything is ready
Just press this button
Our World
Peace can be restored